---
title: "IBM HBCU Quantum Center’s Intensive Writing Retreat in partnership with PRISSEM Academic Services"
collection: news
type: "Workshop"
venue: "Howard University and PRISSEM Academic Services"
date: 2025-01-29
location: "Alexandria, VA, USA"
---
Dr. Liu has been selected to participate in the IBM HBCU Quantum Center Faculty Writing Retreat hosted by PRISSEM Academic Services, LLC. 

***********Below is the February newsletter from PRISSEM – Thriving Through Uncertainty. ***********

Please join us in celebrating attendees of our Faculty Writing Retreat hosted by the IBM-HBCU Quantum Center and PRISSEM Academic Services. Fourteen faculty from seven HBCUs met in Alexandria, VA for a 2.5-day workshop to aide participants in writing competitive grant proposals to pursue research and educational activities in Quantum Information Science and Engineering. We were energized by the fruition of our shared vision to empower STEM faculty and expand the capacity of HBCUs to drive further development of the quantum revolution, and to do so in a way that enhances our skills in communicating science and fosters networking and community.

Participant Dr. Yang Liu, from Computer Information Systems at North Carolina Central University, said this about his experience:

"...This retreat provided me with practical guidance on preparing NSF-targeted proposals while fostering a supportive environment for networking. Engaging with peers who share an interest in QISE led to meaningful discussions about potential collaborations. I deeply appreciate the IBM-HBCU Quantum Center, the PRISSEM team, and the coaches for their support and constructive feedback throughout this experience."
